docs: support Express v5, recommend new separate Express packages (#8064)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/integrations/building-integrations.md

Integrations _are_ responsible for parsing a request's body and using the values to construct the `HTTPGraphQLRequest` that Apollo Server expects.

> In Apollo Server 4's Express integration, the user sets up the `express.json()` JSON middleware, which handles parsing JSON request bodies with a `content-type` of `application/json`. Integrations can require a similar middleware (or plugin) for their ecosystem, or they can handle body parsing themselves.

Reviewer: Is "you" clearer than "a/the user"?

```suggestion
In Apollo Server 4's Express integration, you set up the `express.json()` JSON middleware, which handles parsing JSON request bodies with a `content-type` of `application/json`. Integrations can require a similar middleware (or plugin) for their ecosystem, or they can handle body parsing themselves.
```
